refactor: Rework Core Metadata docs to match updated 3.1 structure (#1257)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/core/metadata/Purpose.md

---
title: Core Metadata - Purpose
---

# Core Metadata - Purpose

> The core metadata micro service has manages the knowledge about [devices](../../../general/Definitions.md#device) and sensors. This information is used by other services (Device, Command, etc) to communicate with them.

Reviewer: Sorry, missed this in my previous suggestion.
```suggestion
The core metadata micro service manages the knowledge about [devices](../../../general/Definitions.md#device) and sensors. This information is used by other services (Device, Command, etc) to communicate with the devices.
```

Author: fixed

> The core metadata micro service has the knowledge about the [devices](../../../general/Definitions.md#device) and sensors and how to communicate with them used by the other services, such as core data, core command, and so forth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core metadata micro service has manages the knowledge about [devices](../../../general/Definitions.md#device) and sensors. This information is used by other services (Device, Command, etc) to communicate with them.
```
